{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green2\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Throughout
\f1\i0 :
\f0\i  have headers that say \'93Introduction,\'94 \'93Section 1,\'94 etc.
\f2\i0\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
p. 1: Welcome! [only] 
\f3\i Add all four logos.
\f2\i0 \
\
p. 3:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The\'a0
\f1\b first section
\f2\b0 \'a0will ask you to indicate the degree \cf3 to which \cf2 you agree with several assertions about both relative and absolute pitch.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Add a comment: \'93The first section is the longest\'94\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
p. 4:\

\f3\i Check if people can actually go back. Remove this note if people can go back.\
\

\f2\i0 p. 5: \
Header: \'93Section 1: Definitions of 
\f1\b Relative
\f2\b0  and 
\f1\b Absolute 
\f2\b0 Pitch\'94\
\
p. 6(?): (Definitions)\
Add \'93Please use the whole range of the scale\'94 (or something like this)\
All statements are real sentences.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Replace all \'93in the absence of a reference note\'94 with \outl0\strokewidth0 \'93without relying on a reference tone\'94 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Replace all \'93identify a note\'94 statements (2 of them) with \'93is the ability to recognize if a song is played in the correct key without relying on a reference tone\'94\
Replace all \'93name\'94 with \'93label\'94\
\
p. 7+p. 8: Free write:\ul  Combine these pages\
\
\ulnone p. 9: Eliminate first sentence \'93In the previous section\'85\'94 and the third sentence. Keep: \'93We will now ask you questions about people with absolute and relative pitch.\'94\
\
p. 10: put a note warning that there will be one page asking about \ul people\ulnone  with RP and another about people with AP\
\
p. 12: SECTION 2: Teaching Absolute and Relative Pitch\
\
[
\f1\b We added free-response questions about teaching AP and RP in the classroom
\f2\b0 ]\
\
Moved to \'93people\'94 section:\
\'93People with [AP/RP] default to [labeling pitches / functional labels] to complete aural skills tasks.\'94\
\'93People with [AP/RP] have difficulty completing aural skills tasks in a non-440 standard.\'94\
\
Moved to first section:\
\'93At some point, good AP becomes RP\'94, \'93At some point, good RP becomes AP\'94 \
\
DEMOGRAPHICS\

\f1\b Put all questions on one big page.}